Hey guys, welcome back to the course. In the last
lectures we covered using the magical spam ability
of that big blue bloated bird we love,
and then how to single out the user group your product
appeals to and then connect those that need to
be liberated of their cash.
All of those techniques are really easy to do and take
really just like a bare minimum of time, and we'd
like to spend a bare minimum of time on getting customers.
Why?
Well, because just look outside, there is this thing called grass
and sunlight, and things that aren't your computer screen.
Wouldn't it be nice to be out there?
Yes, yes it would.
That's why we keep it short.
We also like the strategies to be short because we're
at that stage of the process where our product,
although ready to sell, is still significantly in
need of user feedback and some polish.
We can't exactly just go out there and start shooting
for thousands of people without expecting to get
burned or to waste a ton of
money and time in the process.
This is the incremental way of getting from
your current poor self to your future
loads of money self. The next strategy we're going to
cover is, well, quite obvious, but also quite effective.
And yes, like the others, it takes very little time.
So, in this lecture, we're going to talk about leveraging
your already existing network. Get in the mindset
of thinking about the people you know in your life as your network.
Your mom? Network. Your ex-boss who fired you? Network.
These are all people you can touch - not like that - and get into
contact with, because, well, they know who you are. Suckers.
So why do we want to contact our network,
other than the fact that they are a group of people
who easily lends you their attention during a time
where getting attention for your
product is probably kind of difficult?
Well, another reason is because if you're going to be
successful in growing your business, you're going
to need to rely on people.
The more engaged your network is and the more in the
know they are, then the more likely you can tap into them
inevitably when you need them - for product
feedback, for hiring references, for really anything.
They are essentially your lifeline.
Don't expect to get super huge without their support.
Honestly, it doesn't really happen.
So get with it.
You have a network and you can and should use them
at this stage of the process. What's that, you say?
You say you don't have a network.
Are you a shut-in?
Are you one of those mole rat things
that grow up blind underneath the earth?
Oh my God, so gross.
Yes.
Even mother nature's imitation
of Steve Buscemi has a network.
If you have talked to someone who knows you by name,
and you know them by name, and you have each other's
email address, well, then you have a network. That girl
you met on Tinder who wouldn't give you her phone
number, but insisted on e-mail, she's in your network.
OK.
Now, depending on who you are, you can have anywhere
between 30 people or 300 people that you could e-mail
right now. Regardless of the size, it's a great start.
Now, on a bare, bare minimum, we want to contact at
least 10 of these people, and anything below 10 is, well,
kind of a waste of time.
So if you wanted to go about doing this, contacting your
network, do you just open up your e-mail and start
blasting things over here and over there like a supersoaker?
Well, you can probably guess it.
No, no, you do not.
There is a process to do this, and that's
what we're going to cover right now.
All right, so step number one.
I want you to take a pencil, open a doc, or write in your
artisanal camel leather book you bought in Brooklyn
for $200, and write out everyone in the last six months
you remember contacting through e-mail.
Try your best to remember everyone you can.
You can even go back to your mail and then
just go through the Sent folder and scroll.
How many people have you sent
an e-mail to? When you get a name,
ask yourself this question. "If I e-mailed this person
about anything, would they for sure respond or at
a minimum do I know they'll read the e-mail?" If you
can say yes to that question, then take their name
and then put them down your list.
If you honestly can't say yes to
that, then don't, just leave them out.
It's not really worth trying this technique with them.
Now, step two, now that you have your list, you want to
do one more pass at collecting people. One common
mistake people make is that they e-mail everyone, and I
mean everyone. That sales rep you scheduled a webinar
with, they don't want to hear your pitch.
And that is really just a waste of precious computer bytes.
To figure out whether you should even be messaging them,
ask these three quick questions.
How long has it been since you've
been in contact with them?
If it's over a year, maybe you don't want to use that
person. You're not fresh on their mind and, well,
they're not really fresh on yours.
Another question to ask is, are they
relevant to your business or product?
Chances are, when you created your project, you were
trying to solve someone's pain. Wouldn't be a huge
coincidence if someone you knew had that pain. So if
they have some sort of connection, past or present,
to what you're selling, then they could possibly be relevant.
And then lastly, are they the type of person
that is generally open to helping people?
In most cases, people are, but there are specific people out there
who just don't, and those people know exactly who they are.
Like Steve, or you, Eric. If the contact with the
person was too long ago, then just scratch them off.
And if they're not even relevant in the slightest to
what you're trying to do, then also scratch them off.
And lastly, are they a mean person? Also scratch them off.
All right, now we have our pristine list of targets.
We got rid of the contacts
we would just blow it with anyway, and now we're
focusing on the ones that can help us, at least for now.
This is, as I know it, the most
efficient way of using your network.
OK.
So sit back and admire your list, and in the next
lecture, we're going to start spamming that list.
I'm kidding, but not really.
All right.
See you in the next lecture.